Add section for configuring scim for roles (#6025)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/sso/okta-sso/okta-scim.mdx

- Deactivate users
- Push groups
- Import groups

> - Configure organization-level role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure organization-level roles
```

You can use "Push Groups" to sync and assign groups in Okta; they will be reflected in Sentry teams.

### Configuring organization-level roles (Limited Availability)

<Alert level="note">

Organization role provisioning is in limited availability. If you wish to try this feature out, contact support@sentry.io

</Alert>

You can assign an organization-level role to an okta group

1. Add a new custom attribute to your Okta application profile

a. Navigate your your application settings in Okta

> b. Under the "Provisioning" tab, select "Go to Profile Editor"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
b. Under the "Provisioning" tab under the "Attribute Mappings" header, select "Go to Profile Editor". If you do not see this, please configure your app for provisioning to Sentry first.
```

Reviewer 2: <img width="799" alt="Screen Shot 2023-01-06 at 09 50 27" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70817427/211069734-7782edf9-1794-4213-9a35-5a0ffd5c6e58.png">
can we also mention that you need this checked?

Author: So the section for role provisioning lives under general Okta SCIM setup page. The page already mentions to `Enable SCIM` and to enable creating users, so I don't think we need to mention it again here.

Author: See https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/sso/okta-sso/okta-scim/#sentry-configuration

c. Select "+ Add Attribute"

d. Fill out the form with the following settings (You can set whatever value you want for any setting not listed below)

    - Data Type: `string`
    - External name: `sentryOrgRole`
    - External namespace: `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User`
    - Attribute type: `Group`

2. Assign a group to your okta application

> 3. In the form, type out the role you want every member of the group to be.

Reviewer 2: will we be specifying here that single tenant instances may have their own roles?

> 3. In the form, type out the role you want every member of the group to be.

Reviewer 2: can we also mention that simply assigning the role in okta will provision the sentry org member with the role? folks won't need to push the group unless they want a team with those users

- Group members will be provisioned with the organization default role if the field is left blank
- Invalid role names will prevent group members from being provisioned. To try again, you'll need to remove the group first.
- A list of valid roles can be found by going to the any organization member's settings page.
- For security, roles with the `org:admin` permission scope cannot my provisioned through SCIM.

<Alert level="note">

> If a user is a member of multiple okta groups, only the attributes set by the first group will be used for the user.

Author: The page is specifically for okta. Should I still be more generic?

You can use "Push Groups" to sync and assign groups in Okta; they will be reflected in Sentry teams.

### Configuring organization-level roles (Beta)

<Alert level="note">

> Organization role provisioning is in beta. If you wish to try this feature out, contact support@sentry.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization role provisioning is in beta. If you'd like to try this feature, contact support@sentry.io.
```

</Alert>

> You can assign an organization-level role to an okta group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how to assign an organization-level role to an Okta group:
```

> 1. Add a new custom attribute to your Okta application profile
> 
>   a. Navigate your your application settings in Okta
> 
>   b. Under the "Provisioning" tab, select "Go to Profile Editor"
>         ![Okta Provisioning Page](./okta-go-to-profile.png)
> 
>   c. Select "+ Add Attribute"
> 
>   d. Fill out the form with the following settings (You can set whatever value you want for any setting not listed below)
> 
>     * Data Type: `string`
>     * External name: `sentryOrgRole`
>     * External namespace: `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User`
>     * Attribute type: `Group`
>   ![Okta Custom Attribute](./okta-custom-attribute-values.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new custom attribute to your Okta application profile.

  a. Navigate to your application settings in Okta

  b. Under the "Provisioning" tab, select "Go to Profile Editor"
        ![Okta Provisioning Page](./okta-go-to-profile.png)

  c. Select "+ Add Attribute"

  d. Fill out the form with the following settings (you can set whatever value you want for any setting not listed below):

    * Data Type: `string`
    * External name: `sentryOrgRole`
    * External namespace: `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User`
    * Attribute type: `Group`
  ![Okta Custom Attribute](./okta-custom-attribute-values.png)
```

> 2. Assign a group to your okta application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assign a group to your Okta application.
```

    ![Okta Assign Group](./okta-assign-group.png)

3. In the form, enter the string for the org-level role.
    ![Okta Set Role](./okta-set-group-attribute.png)

> - If the `sentryOrgField` field is left blank, Group members will be provisioned with the default organization-level role. This default role is configured in Sentry, under Settings -> Organization -> Auth
> - Invalid role names will prevent group members from being provisioned. To try again, you'll need to remove the group first.
> - A list of valid roles can be found by going to the any organization member's settings page.
> - For security, roles with the `org:admin` permission scope cannot my provisioned through SCIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `sentryOrgField` field is left blank, group members will be provisioned with the default organization-level role. This default role is configured in Sentry, under Settings -> Organization -> Auth
- Invalid role names will prevent group members from being provisioned. To try again, you'll need to remove the group first.
- A list of valid roles can be found in the organization member's settings page.
- For security, roles with the `org:admin` permission scope cannot be provisioned through SCIM.
```

<Alert level="note">

> If a user is a member of multiple okta groups, only the attributes set by the first group will be used for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user is a member of multiple Okta groups, only the attributes set by the first group will be used.
```
